Update run-tests-in-sdk-container.md (#3877)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: samples/run-tests-in-sdk-container.md

# Running Tests with Docker

> You can use Docker to run your unit tests in an isolated environment using the [.NET SDK Docker image](https://mcr.microsoft.com/en-us/product/dotnet/sdk/about). This is useful if your development and production environments don't match, like, for example, Windows and Linux, respectively. There are multiple ways to run unit tests in containers, which are demonstrated in this document.

Author: Fair enough.

```suggestion
You can use Docker to run your unit tests in an isolated environment using the [.NET SDK Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/microsoft-dotnet-sdk/). This is useful if your development and production environments don't match, like, for example, Windows and Linux, respectively. There are multiple ways to run unit tests in containers, which are demonstrated in this document.
```
